Battle Princesses Deck Building Game:

This project is the merging of two concepts:

	1) Semi-Permanent resources
	2) Using Disney Princesses as characters to create themes
	
	
Princesses:
	Two stages:
		Ariel		Mermaid Princess
		Aurora		Sleeping Princess
		Rapunzel	Tower Princess
		Belle		Abducted Princess
	Influential:
		Snow		Outlaw Princess
		Cinderella	Ragged Princess
		Tiana		Frog Princess
		Alice		Lolita Princess
		Jasmine		Arabian Princess
	Action:
		Elsa		Ice Princess
		Pocahontas	Native American Princess
		Mulan		Asian Warrior Princess
		Tinkerbell	Fairy Princess
		Merida		Scottish Princess
	
Abilities: Princesses, Princes and characters have abilities.
	Attack		Supply 1 strength against another kingdom, will take 1 point from the defending kingdom if not blocked, discarded or removed.
	Defense		Will prevent attacks against the kingdom.
	Prevent		Discard that number of attackers.
	Steal		Will transfer points without attacking.
	Stun		A character gains stun tokens and cannot be used while stunned.
	Kill		Discard that number of characters from the board.
	Poison		A character gains poison tokens and is removed when the counters run out.
	Stop		Prevent an attack character from attacking.
	Turn		Recruit a character to your kingdom
	Resource	Generates that much resource and is discarded.
	Starve		Prevents that much resource from being uses and is then discarded.
	Score		Take a point from the Pooled points.
	Wish		A character gains wish tokens.
				A wish token can be removed to perform the following:
					1) Stun
					2) Steal
					3) Stop
					4) Turn
					5) Prevent
					6) Score
					7) Cast a character without paying its cost
					8) Buy a card without paying its cost
					9) Pay for an ability without paying its cost
Tokens:
	Remove a token once per turn per character.
	
Attack:
	A character may attack another character or player
			
Scoring:
	Each player starts with 10 point counters.
	20 points per player are added to the pool.
	The Queen's crown is worth 10 points and allows the player to steal one point per turn.

	Buying pooled points:
	5 Resources may buy 1 point from the community pool.
	
	
Win conditions:
	One player has half of the available points.
		2 players:	10+20 = 30*2 = 60 + 10 (Crown) = 70 / 2 (Number of players) = 35 (to win) - 10 (starting points) = 25 (to score)
	All other players are reduced to 0 points.
	
Loss conditions:
	A player is reduced to 0 points.
	Another player(s) attains a win condition.

Resources:
	Option 1:	Love and Hate as two different resources
	Option 2:	Charm/Influence as a single resource (recommended)
	Option 3: Any card can be placed in the resource bank.
	
Cards:
	Cards are always played to the field and exhausted when used.
	At end of turn, exhausted cards are cleaned into the discard pile.
	A player may chose whether or not to discard cards in hand.
	
	Resource cards
	Character cards
	
	Factions:
		Each card is related to a specific princess.
		That princess may buy/play their own faction's cards at one less resouce.
	
	Stock:
		Each player may select one card from their faction for the stock.
		The remaining stock may be created in different ways:
			1) Split between in game factions, but random.
			2) Randomly chosen from in game factions.
			3) Randomly chosen from all factions.
			4) Random selection for in game faction for per player
				with excess random stacks being chosen from non-in-game factions.
		Options:
		1) There should be stacks equal to the number of players.
		2) There should be two stacks for each player.
		3) Number of stacks is relative to player. (recommended)
			2	4 per player
			3	2 per player, 2 random
			4	2 per player
			5	1 per player, 3 random
			6	1 per player, 2 random
			7	1 per player, 1 random
			8	1 per player
	
Phases:
	Draw
	Play
		Cast
			Play a card to the field or resource bank.
		Attack
			Exhaust characters to resolve their effects.
	Clean
	Discard
	Fizzle to 5